Manipulation of date & time (#248)
Open-EO/openeo-processes: meta/implementation.md

	]
}
```

## Date and Time manipulation

Working with dates is a lot more complex than it seems to be at first sight. Issues arise especially with daylight saving times (DST), time zones, leap years and leap seconds.

> The date/time functions in openEO don't have any effect right now as only timestamps in UTC (with potential numerical time zone modifier) are supported.

Author: ```suggestion
The date/time functions in openEO don't have any effect on time zones right now as only dates and times in UTC (with potential numerical time zone modifier) are supported.
```

> The date/time functions in openEO don't have any effect right now as only timestamps in UTC (with potential numerical time zone modifier) are supported.

Reviewer: makes sense now

> Leap years are implemented in a way that computations handle them gracefully. For example:

Reviewer: You talk about leap years here, but all the examples are about the "month overflow" issue, which happens regardless of leap years.

An example that would involve leap years is `2020-02-29 + 1 year => 2020-02-28`, but even this can be explained with the "month overflow" behavior we are documenting here. The leap year problem is just a small side note I think.

Author: ```suggestion
Month overflows, including the specific case of leap years, are implemented in a way that computations handle them gracefully. For example:
```

> - If you add a month to January, 31th, it will result in February 29th (leap year) or 28th (other years). This means for invalid dates we round down (or "snap") to the next valid date.

Reviewer: "round down to the next ..." reads weird.  "previous" instead of "next" would only be slightly less weird. proposal:

> This means for invalid dates due to month overflow we round down (or "snap") to the last valid date of the month

Author: ```suggestion
- If you add a month to January, 31th, it will result in February 29th (leap year) or 28th (other years). This means for invalid dates due to month overflow we round down (or "snap") to the last valid date of the month.
```
